screw you - causing 4:07 never update
it's been about two months since I
started free-forming I can't really tell
the difference and the thickness of my
hair but exercise the point of the video
claiming the back from the day I looked
up and I noticed it was just like this I
was like this yeah and looked up I have
more dreads
or locks whatever you prefer to call
them on the left side of my head then I
do on the right side I know I know and
me me and me even it's a big part about
life you know I'm trying to be
so maybe this is okay y'all go let me
know if I'm watching right right you
keep the left side right set many of
these right this is the right side do
you see what I'm talking about like
maybe it's just me
oh maybe I'm on the way I can look at my
left side okay I can't look at my right
side but see this is the right back to
your life I feel as though I had more
dreams on this side of my head daddy the
sad part been I've come to this pop been
a lot of Dreams on the top they choose
to go which have a sad day you know I
have no problem with that
but see earlier I went from the corner
my shape up and poured everything
doesn't even be on the top to the top
like this right
the master laughs when I do that I did
it on this side I master right maybe I'm
not doing doing what I just did evenly
enough but it looks to me as I had more
drains on the left in the right
I needed to get that off my chest that
for a little bit but yet free formulas
going great
no problems no action nothing I did the
UM the apple cider vinegar wrench so
that's more left did that get all
the wax on my head so now it's nothing
but here and water but I decided to cut
it down from three months for two months
so tomorrow I will be at my hair done
just so I can get it resection just meat
but yeah so every instead of three or
four months every two to three months
I will marry twisted so Stella semi-free
former more than the semi Paco de leur
at 360 or whatever they go to the top
that's the top that's the back
that's the right side that's the right
side that's the back sorry for the video
quality still my phone and that's the
left
so David Rees Oh cut my beard again
that'd be a long way cut it but on yeah
any more tips suggestions then you know
got nowhere to leave a mat and but
yeah this was my concern about
unevenness guess I'm just going to
though subscribe like comment and I
don't look at the camera I try to look
at myself in the other picture I don't
know but yeah that's what it is free for
me follow me on instagram twitter c7
barber school Ted if Twitter said about
under school we Instagram I follow back
and all that but yeah I'm out